---
title: 1b8
layout: textpost
---
Hi, thanks again for testing Libi!

As before, you can help me a lot by trying to use the app
every day, finding pain points and annoyances, or things 
that seem to be missing.

Insights has grown considerably, with lots of additions and
a new type of cell that lets you plot two graphs against each
other to see correlations. And I'll repeat what I wrote last time:
I'd LOVE your suggestions about what insights would 
be important to you.

I also added Menstruation as a new Data Point Type. Right now,
the app can only track the amount of menstrual blood flow. No
ovulation, no pain. I'm planning to also offer to pull
Menstruation data from Apple Health, so if you already use 
another tracker like Clue, that should sync right over -- 
my main problem right now is I can't think of an easy to use
UI for entereing more complex data. If you menstruate, and 
ANYTHING about this feels off, please feel especially encouraged
to write me a message! I admit I don't know enough, and I'm 
working to close that gap, but until then, your suggestions
and critiques are incredibly helpful.

## Other Improvements: 
- The app now looks okay in dark mode
- Detail graphs now have the color of their Data Point Type
- Insights has a new Correlation cell that compares e.g. Libido vs Menstruation
- Insights has a "average day/average week" cell that shows you how your typical day looks
- The graphs are a bit less ugly in general, with correctly labeled axes
- Fix a crasher in build 6 when opening insights with almost no data points 

## Known Bugs
- The reminder notifications come a bit too often. Libi is needy
- Reminder Notifications don't open the "new datapoint" screen all the time

## Internals
- More internal manager type classes are being passed around instead
  of being reinstantiated all the time. Yay performance.